So after the successful completion of all the Java classes here, I hope you'll have a lot of knowledge
about object oriented programming.
Now looking at some more features of this program.
So before starting.
Let me add this, that we have a correction here.
Previously, I have Typekit asked to tell my niece friend whatever we have to subtract it with total
money owed.
So total money, I suppose if school and two thousand so the money spent will be two thousand minus
the salaries of it is seven hundred.
So the salary will be subtracted from the money earned by the school.
So.
Let me comment this out and explain it again.
So 2000 is the money aren't initially stored in this area, but later on, the variable stored the variables
in store value of 2000 minus 700 samples.
So the value will be equal to thirteen hundred, so that total money spent will return to being hungry
and the money on relief.
But the money will be left handed in total.
So yes, this was a correction that spent is the wrong arm in the quarter to be subtracted from now
removing this.
Let us move forward towards our main goal.
Where we left soirées.
We have created the school ABC and.
Six out the on the money by the school, so I went to my nap.
Duffy says 60000 the fund in the school was sixty thousand.
We have run it and will run it again.
Yes.
So that school has on sixty thousand.
No.
Yes.
So let me add some more.
Funds like suppose that the.
Bases.
All 50000.
No running it again.
The fund shouldn't please, yes, perfect.
So now the funds in the school is one lakh 10000 paid by both of the students and totaling them.
Now let us.
Think about adding a new teacher to the.
Feature list of the school, so we have our list.
There is no restrictions in adding teacher.
We have unlimited size so we can add any number of features.
So let's send a new teacher to the school.
So we will add a new teacher in the similarly we have added it here, her so and then it does feature.
Let us name her, Mina.
Yes.
So Mina wants to join the school ABC, so she's new.
We have to set an I.D. for her.
So she's a member of that featured object.
So, yes, yes, it is demanding for iodine men.
The salary she should be given.
So we have already declared our as one two three.
So find a unique idea for me now so we can give her idea of the exciting.
Yes.
And put to her name.
And let us suppose let us suppose she is going to pay the salary of nine thousand.
Yes, perfect.
So Mina is added to the school and.
We have to add to it to the analysts like this?
Yes.
Goal.
Not as feature.
I mean.
Yes.
So we have named the school as ABC.
No school is ABC.
Yes, now it is perfect.
So, me neither.
Me, neither are they to the school.
No.
Suppose that the species collected from this event.
What if we have to pay salaries to their teachers?
So giving this a good handing.
Like, suppose we were handing.
Yeah, schools.
Base salary.
School is going to pay salary to their teacher in a separate blog.
Yes.
So.
Giving a hope.
Look, the heading should look nice, right?
So, yes.
Now, suppose that the teacher named someone is paid a salary so some men don't receive salary.
Yes, they receive survey escorted from the class last.
You receive salary.
Yes.
So how does the receive salary receive salary function?
He does the salary earn by a specified feature.
It was in the manner of salary is equal to salary plus salary.
Initially, the salary earned by any teacher is zero.
Had it is mentioned.
After the greatest tradition of the salary to the Samantha's account, she will be having a total salary
of nine thousand one check what was her.
Sorry, five thousand.
So Samantha will have a total salary of five thousand.
So, yes, calling the receive salary function from the teacher class, we have to write it in a way
like someone can not get someone to go up this salary.
So yes.
Someone to give salary is called here.
The method is invoked here, so if we try to bring out this shift, I'll.
Yes.
So I it in this way that.
ABC School.
Spend.
For salary to.
Now for adding a variable in the print syntax, we have to use this plus icon.
So, yes.
Calling this a man to observe, not getting that name as a string is done by this good man function
and.
The variable is enclosed by a plus single at the beginning and the end after which.
We have to print what the school is left of it, so we could write it in this way and now has so schools
left with how much money.
And again, the declining of any of the schools.
Not yet.
Yes.
The total money on spend for this salary.
So again, the school name is ABC.
Right.
So let us try running this.
I think there is an error.
Let me try to fix this and.
So, yes, after fixing it, the total money on and again, very to check what are the funds that the
school is left with.
And running.
Yes.
So the school has on one lectern tell them this is the title for the base salary school has been for
a salary to Samantha and now has spent $1.
And five thousand, like initially the school received the fees from Japan brother and then paid fee
a salary to Samantha.
So 60000 plus 50000 and subtracting five thousand from the salary by the front left, the school is
more like five thousand.
And it is perfectly fine.
Yes.
So now let's suppose that school pays salary to one more teacher like the tide one last they've.
Copied this part and pasted again.
Yes.
So the third one is.
What is the name?
Yes.
So it is possible.
So that second payment is made to him and
placing everywhere.
So, yes, school has been this way to the second teacher.
And again, we want to check what are the funds left at the school?
So running it again.
Yes, perfect.
So school has on a one leg 10000, then the base salary shows payment to Samantha and then school is
left with this money after paying it.
Also then now school is left with this money.
So I hope you understood the concept behind this program.
We are calling the functions, invoking the method and printing it out in our output terminal.
So it is a beautiful way to learn the basic Java concept.
No.
In the next five, we are going to learn how to add some more specifications to this code.